Adopted doc (#45)
wkumari/draft-wkumari-dhc-addr-notification: draft-wkumari-dhc-addr-notification.md

{::boilerplate bcp14-tagged}

# Registration Mechanism Overview

The DHCPv6 protocol is used as the address registration protocol when a DHCPv6 server performs the role of an address registration server.

> The DHCPv6 IA Address option {{!RFC8415}} is adopted in order to fulfill the address registration interactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DHCPv6 IA Address option {{!RFC8415}} is used to specify the address to be registered.
```

Servers MUST ignore any received ADDR-REG-REPLY messages.

Clients MUST discard any ADDR-REG-REPLY messages that meet any of the following conditions:

> - the IA Address option does not contain the address assigned on the interface the client received the message on.

Reviewer: I see you deleted the text that says the destination address of the ADDR-REG-REPLY is the address being registered. Is that intentional? If not, maybe we can put it back, and make this text say:
- The IPv6 destination address does not match the address being registered
- The IA-Address option does not match the address being registered
- The address being registered is not assigned to the interface receiving the message.

Author: I've updated the text

- The transaction-id does not match the transaction-id the client used in its ADDR-REG-INFORM messages.

# DHCPv6 Address Registration Procedure

## DHCPv6 Address Registration Request

The client sends a DHCPv6 ADDR-REG-INFORM message to the address registration server to the All_DHCP_Relay_Agents_and_Servers multicast address (ff02::1:2).

> The client MUST only send the packet on the network interface that has the address being registered (i.e. if the host has multiple interfaces with different addresses, it should only send the packet on the interface with the address being registered).

Reviewer: "if the host" should be "if the client

> The client MUST only send the packet on the network interface that has the address being registered (i.e. if the host has multiple interfaces with different addresses, it should only send the packet on the interface with the address being registered).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client MUST only send the packet on the network interface that has the address being registered (i.e. if the client has multiple interfaces with different addresses, it should only send the packet on the interface with the address being registered).
```

The client SHOULD allow these parameters to be configured by the administrator.

> To comply with section 16.1 of [RFC8415], the client MUST leave the transaction ID unchanged in retransmissions of an ADDR-REG-REPLY message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To comply with section 16.1 of [RFC8415], the client MUST leave the transaction ID unchanged in retransmissions of an ADDR-REG-INFORM message.
```
